Welcome back to the series. In this
video, we're going to be talking about
how to execute the pitch in a challenge
funnel or a 3-day virtual event,
whichever one you are committing to. The
pitch is the exact same in both of these
scenarios. The pitch is obviously where
you're going to make all the [__]
money on the entire risk of this whole
thing. This is where it all pays off.
And there are very strategic things that
you must do outside of actually
executing the pitch itself from pre-
pitching, repitching, and also just
pitching long enough, having some
objection handlers and risk reversals
dialed in, not doing stupid things like
the super inflated prices and slashing
them out and saying you get it all for
less. It's all kinds of little things
that you're going to learn in this video
about how to properly execute the pitch
itself during one of these virtual
events. It's an absolute pleasure to
have you here. If you're new to the
channel, all we do around here is talk
about hitting million-dollar months.
Welcome in. There's no income claim. We
have no idea who the [__] you are. And
although, yeah, everybody that we've
worked with has made a buttload of money
off of these types of funnels. Who the
[__] knows if you're going to make a
buttload of money off these types of
funnels. So, there's no implied earning
claims, earning potentials, or anything
like that. It's all for entertainment,
education purposes, you sitting here
watching this video right now. And of
course, if you're already a subscriber,
welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have
you. We got another banger. So, without
further ado, let's dive in. If you're
used to pitching on webinars, you're
going to have a good time when you pitch
in a virtual event. Keep in mind,
ideally, up to this point, you followed
our 3-day format and you had day one,
which was just a fuckload of content.
You've delivered on the promise of the
topic of your virtual event. You've
given people a tremendous amount of
value. So much so that a very high
quantity of those people who showed up
on day one also showed up to day two.
You've now for the entire first half of
day two given them another amount of
tremendous value. Given them content,
maybe brought in a guest speaker here
and there that endorses whatever you're
about to try to pitch people on, and
you're getting to the point where you're
ready to do the pitch. What's the first
thing you ideally do? The pre- pitch.
So, to be clear, pre- pitch material is
really important to understand. First of
all, on this channel several times over,
we've shouted out the legend, the one
and only Mr. Myron Golden. Myron, if
you've ever had the opportunity to pay
him tens of thousands of dollars or
maybe more to have the opportunity to
learn from him directly, good for you.
I'd encourage everybody who hasn't gets
the opportunity to do so. He is true top
1% in terms of people that I've ever
learned from and his pre- pitch and rep
pitch material, some of which we'll talk
about here today. I'll leave the great
stuff for Myron, of course, and all our
inner circle members and master internet
marketing students. But nonetheless,
I'll still put you on game in terms of
what it is and how it works. The pre-
pitch when I first heard it come out of
Myron's mouth made so much sense to me.
And rather than just sitting here
telling you about every single thing
that you could say, I'm going to tell
you to go watch a few of Myron's videos.
There's one specifically on YouTube that
you can watch. It's about 30 minutes
long from him on his channel. It's
called The Science of Rapid Wealth
Creation. And this is a perfect example,
again, free on YouTube for people to go
and consume that talks about essentially
everything that Myron does before
actually pitching people. All pre-
pitching really is trying to weave in
specific ways that you want people to
strategically be thinking. You're trying
to frame people. That way, by the time
you get to the pitch, you have all of
these specific stories that you can
anchor back to that had specific
characteristics, identity traits, ways
to think, and ways to process all this
information. Things like being willing
to take risk when it makes sense to take
risks. things like being able to bias
towards a willingness to get richer
because you deserve to get richer.
Little things like the ability to
overcome fearful thinking. He'll even go
as far as weaving in religious scripture
into what he's communicating to people
during his pre- pitch. He's doing is
very important to understand. He's
empowering somebody prior to actually
pitching them. So, they get to the point
where they strategically conclude to,
>> well, this makes a lot of sense and I'm
primed and ready to do something. And
then that something is what you
immediately pitch afterwards. So again,
I just want to be really clear and
saying pre- pitch is you being able to
successfully frame somebody. You're
trying to align the character, okay? The
ways in which you want them to identify
and be and behave to the pitch. Okay?
And you also want to make sure you
understand this is mainly done through
storytelling, which you'll see at a
masterful level of display inside of
that video from Iron on YouTube. And
again, if you watch that video with the
frame of like you're watching him do
something that he would regularly pre-
pitch, you'll get a completely different
set of value from it. Everything that he
says is also [__] awesome. By the
way, all those things in that video are
still great to actually think to be
clear. But in addition to that, more
importantly, you're going to watch it
from the perspective of like, all right,
I need to do this kind of [__] before I
actually pitch somebody. Your pre- pitch
session is generally about a 30 45
minute session. And to the viewer, it
comes off as like mentality content, you
know, something that you're trying to
help people with. They'll still view it
as good information. They won't get
turned off. They won't have any idea
that you're necessarily even sitting
there trying to like pre- pitch them.
They just view it as like, "Oh, this is
another content session and it's really
good." Now, to be clear, once you get
over the pre- pitch hump, that's where
you actually transition into the pitch.
Now, let me be really clear when I say
this. I learned this one from Mr.
Russell Brunson. Russell Brunson
obviously almost every single one of you
know, but for those of you who for some
reason do not, Russell is an absolute OG
marketer. Highly respect Russell and
everything that he does. Shout out to
Clickfunnels and everything that they do
over there. Specifically 1.0. I love I
love 1.0 a lot more than 2.0 Russell.
But anyway, long story short, let me be
clear. Okay, Russell has what he calls
the ask to pitch transition. Okay, you
need some kind of bridge to successfully
go from over here where you're doing the
pre- pitch, which doesn't come off like
you're pitching. It just comes off like
content. You need to have that bridge
successfully to get to the point in a
non awkward way with low friction. And
that's where this transition comes in
that Russell teaches. So, he essentially
says that you ask for the pitch. You
just ask them for the opportunity to
start the process of closing them. And
it works so well when you deploy it in
webinars. It works so well in this use
case when you're doing a challenge
funnel or a virtual event. The
transition is really simple. All you do
is ask. So, I'll put it on display for
you here right now. Right? Imagine you
just got to the end of your pre- pitch
session and you're ready to transition
and you say to the audience, "All right,
everybody. I'd love the opportunity to
sell you something. I have ways to help
you far beyond than what I've done here
today. And I would love your permission
to do so. I don't want to force anything
upon you. I don't want to make it sound
like I'm just here to sell this. I want
you to give me permission to transition
to the point where I can help you
further through an offer that I've put
together specific to you that I believe
is going to take everything that we've
sat here and talked about today to that
next level and get you that next set of
results that you're looking for in a
much faster way in a lot easier way from
all the resources, systems, content that
I put together. The system, I want the
opportunity to actually sell it to you
guys. Now, can you guys do me a favor?
Can you say yes in the chat if you're
open to the opportunity? And you're
ideally just going to see a flood of
yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Or
you can tell them like, hey, put a one
in the chat if you guys want that
opportunity. You know, put a two in the
chat if you don't. And again, it's
always going to be a fuckload of ones if
if you've actually executed the event
successfully up to this point. And then
it becomes super simple. This what I
love about this specific tactic. It
becomes so simple to just immediately
start transitioning to the slides where
you're like, "All right, then let's dive
into it." So, let me show you guys what
I put together for you. And rather than
just immediately saying like this is the
price and this is like the offer stack,
like that's not specifically what you
do. So once you get to the point where
you're in the actual pitch itself,
usually what you're going to want to
start with, you're not going to use all
of your anchoring, okay? But you're
going to start with anchoring back to
specific things that you've talked about
strategically up to this point
throughout the day and a half. Because
keep in mind, you're doing this on day
two. You're doing the pitch on day two.
strategically every single thing that
you talked about in day one and
everything you talked about in that
first like half to 1/3 or sometimes 2/3
of the day on day two that's what you
want to anchor back to originally. So,
you want to say things like, "So, hey,
if you guys remember, like we started
day one by going through this, okay? And
I taught you guys how to do this, and if
you go do that and this, it's going to
roughly take you about this amount of
time on average, and about this amount
of work for you to go and do those
things." And again, you guys are more
than enough equipped to be out there
doing those things and getting those
results and outcomes. But, just keep in
mind, you're going to have to do like
all these things, and you want to list
them like bullet point style. You don't
really want to get too in the weeds when
you say these things. What you're trying
to do is so you strategically understand
what's happening. You're trying to bias
towards the things that I've taught you
are effective. They're going to work,
but they're not necessarily the most
efficient way to get things done because
you still don't necessarily know all of
what there is to know. And I have this
system I could sell you that's either
got these done on your own, done with
you, done for you components that I just
simply haven't covered here or I haven't
made available to you and obviously
you'd need to pay for. And what those
things do is they make things go faster.
They make things more efficient. they
increase the probabilities that much
more that you get these outcomes and
these results. And that's the main thing
that you're trying to do when you go
through this process. You're like,
"Yeah, so you remember these things that
I talked to you about about this and and
those things to be clear. If you go do
those things, like they get you these
kinds of outcomes, okay? And when you go
do that, to get those types of outcomes,
you just got to keep in mind you have
everything you need to be able to go do
it, it's just going to take like these
expectations." Okay? Now, comparatively,
what I'm going to offer you as one of
the components, this is how you do your
offer step. as one of the components
that I've got today in this special
offer for you. And by the way, I'm doing
this offer one time. I'm doing it right
now for you guys. The cart closes at the
end of this whole virtual event that we
have. We're going to give you 24 hours
after the event concludes. We want
decisive people in this. We have a
dramatically high probability to get the
results and outcomes that we're after
here. Okay. So, the first thing I'm
going to do inside of my offer for you
is I'm going to give you this and this
thing does that at this set of
expectations. Now, all you're doing is
you're starting to say, "Look, the
things I've taught you, they do these
expectations, right? These outcomes, the
things that I want to sell you now,
right, for the upsell, they do these
things that you want at these better
expectations." Okay? And that's the
whole flow when you're doing the offer
stack. So no matter how many things and
it's very important you understand like
the actual offer itself is really
important obviously like the offer is
made up of components that get them
every ideal outcome they want right and
that's all you're actually selling to
somebody. So as an example like for our
Jeremy's inner circle program that we
have we have masterminds four times a
year we have one-on-one calls up to
twice a month we have our weekly group
call the most recent one we did here in
the office it was 2 hours long it was
extremely valuable. Okay, I know it
sounds biased because I'm the one who
taught the class, but it was it was
really good. Okay, it's really good.
They're all really good. They're [__]
awesome. It's built for rich people
trying to get a fuckload richer. We have
an extensive course library. We have
unlimited access to Jeremy AI for all
our inner circle members, which is
trained on a bunch of stuff you'd never
get access to, like one-on-one calls,
like you'll never hear anybody else's
one-on-one call, but the topics and the
content that I talk about in one-on-one
calls, those are all trained in Jeremy
AI. Every consulting call, same thing.
Every client call, same thing. Every
single thing I've literally ever written
down, including like messages with
people, all in there. Okay, it's really
good in that regard and it's it's not
like some [__] little AI thing and
it gives you real-time access to my
brain to talk about things that you know
you want to talk to, right? The one
thing that it's not good at is if you're
talking about something, real Jeremy can
tell if you actually need to know
something else. AI Jeremy will just talk
to you about whatever you're talking to
it about. It doesn't necessarily know
when to say, "Well, you should focus on
this instead." Like this is what you
need to pay attention to, right? Because
at the end of the day, it's an LLM. But
again, all those components, okay, and
more. We have like 30 plus SOPs and we
continue to develop more of course and
no we don't use [__] AI slop to write
our SOPs like I write extensive SOPs
that are very well good very well
documented and we have an extremely
active group chat full of rich people
trying to get a fuckload richer. Now we
have people in that offer stack. It's
very important you understand this right
outside of the fact that yes I'm
actually trying to tell you about that
and pitch you links down in the
description. I'm also trying to give you
an example. These offer components
aren't random. I didn't select them out
of [__] thin air and say this is
going to be my offer. No, it's like
masterminds have extreme value. Okay, I
believe in the power and so do everybody
who comes to these masterminds in
meeting up with a bunch of other rich
people who do like something similar to
you or literally what you do or
sometimes like far from what you do but
they still make a fuckload of money
doing it and can give you a counter
perspective. I always look at it like
this like if there's a bunch of dots of
things you know like masterminds will
help you validate certain things that
you know and expand them further beyond
that little area. But sometimes you meet
people at a mastermind with a dot that's
like way over here and then you start to
build another little dot matrix and
eventually like you get a nice little
bridge and you've expanded your overall
awareness. That's how I look at what
masterminds are are able to do in
addition to just like when you're rich
you got to you got to pay to have a lot
of other rich friends. You know rich
people need an opportunity to meet up
with some kind of incentive. And rarely
do they ever just sit around and hang
out and you know have like normal
friends. I'm not saying we don't have
normal friends. Like of course we have
normal friends, but you don't really see
your normal friends as much as you do
with like business acquaintances. Like
there's a lot of people who arguably
come to these masterminds and develop
stronger relationships with those people
comparatively to people that they've
known their whole life and like barely
ever meet because there's no real
incentive to meet. You understand what
I'm saying? So anyway, long story short,
I digress. Masterminds are valuable. And
some people are in the group literally
just for masterminds. Some people don't
go to any masterminds and like they just
do one-on-one calls with me because
that's a very cost-effective way to get
one-on-one time with me. Some people,
they don't even show up to a live weekly
group call, but they watch every [__]
recording, and they don't even do
one-on-one calls unless they know they
need something specific that they didn't
understand. I have people in there who
send upwards of 4 to 5,000 messages a
month to Jeremy AI. And like, that's one
of the places, that's the only place
that we offer unlimited access to it
currently. Okay? And again, my point is
is like all these offer components that
I'm talking about, they solve specific
problems in different speeds of solving
them and in different preferred
consumption mechanisms of solving them.
So when you make your offer stack and
you actually go to pitch it, what you're
trying to do is you're trying to say,
okay, these are the ideal outcomes that
I know people want. And what I've taught
in the challenge itself are how to get
those ideal outcomes in ways just like I
do here on YouTube, guys. Like
literally, my entire YouTube channel is
a perfect demonstration of this, okay?
I'm giving you things to do. I had a guy
just the other day, he tweeted me. He
goes, "I made $100,000 a month." He got
to 100K a month is what this guy claims.
And again, this is unvalidated. We have
no idea if this guy's actually telling
us the truth or not, just to disclose.
But this is what he says on Twitter. He
says, "Dude, I watched Jeremy Hayes
YouTube content. I got to 100K a month
without ever paying the guy." And like,
that is if that's true, of course, that
is literally what I attempt to make my
content for. So, I attempt to help you
guys get richer, but I openly disclose
like I hold back a lot of [__] that if
you pay me to help you with, I'll get
you there a lot faster. I'll give you
way more information and I'll give you a
lot of different ways to consume and
execute on that information. You
understand? Like here on YouTube, it's
just in the way that I present it to you
because you're not paying any money for
it. And with a challenge funnel, with a
3-day virtual event, whichever you
choose to do, people are paying ideally
some ticket price, but some people do it
for free. And again, it's the exact same
logic. It's like you're giving them
things that they could do to help get
outcomes, but you're openly disclosing
just like I am right now that I'm
withholding a lot of what I could tell
you. So, you pay me, right? And if you
literally tell people that and what you
gave them for free was good, there's a
high probability that they'll pay you
for more, which is exactly what people
do all the time here with us on YouTube
as an example. Right? So, again, my
point is is it's the same thing in the
challenge. you're like in full
understanding of all the outcomes that
people want, okay? And you have an offer
stack that helps people achieve those
outcomes in a more efficient way and
with a bunch of different ways to
achieve those outcomes, right? And then
your offer, that's all your offer is, is
that right there is taking specific ways
that you can help people and get those
outcomes and bundling them together in
an offer that align to their ideal
outcomes. That's it. That's all the
offer is. and you're anchoring. Okay, so
I taught you guys this, so you can do
this. But in my offer, I've got this
that I've put in there, which you would
agree, like if that's your preferred way
to go about getting this result, like
dude, that's going to help a lot. And by
the way, it does these expectations and
it does them even better than what just
this stuff I've already covered with you
here is going to do for you. You
understand? It's like, guys, as an
example, literally right now, I sit here
and film this video. I have a handful of
people right now that pay us for
consulting deals just on challenges
alone, just on just on challenge
funnels, just on virtual events. They
have one coming up. They want to make
sure that they absolutely crank the [__]
out of that revenue that comes from it,
and they don't want to [__] anything up.
So, they hire us. We come in, we teach
them how to do everything. And I'll tell
you with 100% certainty that I tell
those guys, I tell my inner circle
members, I tell even my master internet
marketing students 80 to 90% more than
what I'm sitting here yapping about with
you right now. Because guess what? I'll
give you a perfect example. Everything
that I'm telling you right now how to
do, I'll give them literal examples of
it. I'll say, "Here's a challenge funnel
recording that you can go watch of
somebody executing this that did like $4
million on a challenge." You understand?
It's like I'll give them an SOP that's
134 pages. I'll give them access to
Jeremy AI. I'll give them access to a
group chat that has dozens of other
people that have done challenges that
they can ask questions to in there as
well to get more than just my
perspective. I'll give them the
opportunity to meet with those people in
person up to four times a year at a
location with great food and other great
people and a bunch of fun things to do
that you'll never get the opportunity to
use. But hear me out, right? You're
still getting value from what you're
sitting here consuming. You understand?
You're still understanding like
technically what to do. I haven't held
back on you and and like not disclosed
what you need to technically go do, but
I haven't given you a bunch of other
things that would make a lot more sense
to have. You understand? And that's what
gets people to buy. That's what you've
got to successfully do when you do the
pitch itself. Okay? So, all you're doing
at this point, moral of the story, is
you're anchoring. You're saying, "I've
gotten you this level of result
potential with what I've already sold
you that we're sitting here talking
about right now. But if you buy this
offer, I've put this in that offer that
gets you these results in this way." and
it does these expectations even better
because it's in the offer, right? And
I'm going down my list until I get to
the end of the offer. Then I introduce
the price and I say, and by the way,
just to be clear, I think it's extremely
fair to say that with everything that
I've got in the offer itself, that I
could easily charge a lot more than what
I'm going to sit here and charge you
guys now. Okay? Because the result
potential, because of what we've been
able to successfully do with others that
have already gone out there and achieved
these results, we definitely know with
certainty that we could charge more. But
I want to be clear, like I do want to
reward you guys. I think it's extremely
great to see that you have the
discipline to sit here. You clearly have
the willingness and the high desire to
go out there and get these results. And
look, man, I don't want to [__] you. I
want to give you guys a good deal and I
want to help you out as much as
possible. Our goals when we work with
people is to flip the spectrum as fast
as we can to get the you're [__] me
spectrum in your favor as fast as
possible. Okay? And so, long story
short, the price that we're going to
charge for this is and then you drop the
price. Now, at this point, very
important to note, relative to what the
price is determines whether you're going
to do a direct to checkout or whether
you're going to do a book a call. Okay?
And with the opportunity to do a book a
call specifically, you're going to do it
in layers. Okay? And same thing with the
direct to checkout. You're going to do
it in layers in terms of how you pitch.
I'm going to explain both for you right
now so you can thoroughly understand it.
Let's start with the direct to checkout.
So if you have a price that for a
challenge or a 3-day virtual event is
about $7,500 or less, you can get away
with direct to checkout. It's going to
be a little scary if you go above
$6,500. I know it doesn't sound that
much of a difference like $6,500 versus
$7,500. Jeremy, you're telling me that's
going to [__] me and like lower my
overall checkout rate because I went up
a,000 bucks. Yeah, it does. It makes a
big difference, especially depending on
if you're selling to the general public
or if you're selling to rich people. So
anyway, you start though by just saying,
"Look, here's the price. Here's the
link. For those of you who are ready, go
buy it now." So again, that's the
directed checkout route. And at that
point, you're going to sit there and
you're going to start doing some
objection handling and you're going to
start doing some risk reversals. Okay?
Very self-explanatory for objection
handling. It's very important that you
like frame this properly to understand
like truly how easy it is. Okay? When
you're in real life and you're selling
somebody or when you're on the phone and
you're selling somebody, you get the
opportunity to have a back and forth and
you've heard or observed from monitoring
all your salespeople's calls what
specifically comes up as objections. I'm
sure you're hyper aware of that if
you're the right type of person sitting
here watching this channel, right? It's
a low probability that you're guessing.
It's a high probability that you're just
looking at data and saying, "Well, this
is always what comes up." Now, that's
what you want to start working through.
Okay? All this is when you do this
virtual pitch and you don't get the
feedback of like back and forth
objections like you would in a real life
sales process. Your job is to go through
every objection that could come up and
riskreverse them. Okay? Either overcome
them or riskreverse them. Okay? So moral
of the story is you drop the price. You
say, "Hey, go check out by the way, let
me just cover a few things that commonly
come up that hold people back from doing
these deals. Objection one, this is how
we overcome it. Objection two, this is
how we overcome it. By the way, some
people view it as risky. We reduce that
risk by doing this instead." Right? and
you go through as many as you have to go
through. Okay. Now, what you want to do
at this point is after you've gone
through all those objections, you want
to drop the price to whatever is the
next option for people to buy, which
might be a payment plan option. So, that
first link that you would drop, no
payment plans, none of that [__] It's
all direct PIFFs, okay? PIFFs only on
the first link. Pay in fulls, direct to
checkout, nothing else on that [__]
page, dude. Okay? And after you go
through all those, you want to drop that
same link again. You want to be like,
"Look, by the way, for all those you
ready to move forward again, here's that
link." Okay? And again, same pay and
full link that you they drop right then
and there. Now, after that, okay, what
you're going to do is you are officially
going to introduce the payment plans,
but you're going to give a little bit of
time in between that last PIFF link drop
and when you drop the payment plan link.
That way, those people can check out.
So, you're going to say, "Okay, now I
know a few of you, you just got to make
sense of the money." All right? You
know, you want it. You know you want the
outcomes. You know you want the offers.
you know, this makes sense for you, but
the money's holding you back. And so,
let me help you make sense of doing a
payment plan with us. We got a bunch of
different ways to do this. And then you
pitch the payment plans. So, whether
that's internal payment plans like
internal split pays, or whether that's
all these [__] softwares and tools
and financing companies that offer
payment plan options nowadays, you're
going to pitch all of them pretty much.
You're going to say, "Look, you can do
this financing option. Here's their
average interest rates." And and just to
be clear, you always when you start
talking about interest rates and payment
plans, you want to make sure you frame
it. You want to be like, "Look, look,
some of you guys might be scared to go
into debt, right? Let me tell you about
the differences between good debt and
bad debt." Okay? And then moral of the
story, you go back to pitching how to
make sense of the money. And then what
you'd obviously want to say is, "Look,
guys, you go to car dealership. Do they
just gamble everything on one financing
company?" Sometimes, you know, if you
get approved with the first one, maybe
they don't spam you to like 40 other
ones. But here's the thing, guys. We
don't have 40 options. We have, you
know, three or five or two. What we'd
encourage you to do is go apply with
each one of these and see what they'd
approve you for and just move forward
with whichever one has the best option
for you. Okay, super pro tip, by the
way. If I introduce a price and I leave
the answer to a simple like yes or no, I
got a 50/50 shot of getting a yes or a
50/50 shot of getting a no. If I
introduce, let's say, the pay in full,
the payment plans, and I have like three
options for my payment plans. Just when
I get to the payment plan portion of the
pitch, I've got like the internal
payment plan and I've got like the PIFFs
that are going to pay me like a little
less but fund that individual and put
them on a payment plan with potential
clawback clauses depending on which
financing party you use. That reduces
the no significantly. So if I give them
four options as an example, three of
which are yes to me and one of which is
a no. That reduces my no from 50% to 25%
in that example and it gives me a 75%
chance for a yes. And that's what we're
looking for here. You understand? So
again, make sense of the money. Drop
sell it. get to the point where you do
the next part which is the rep pitch
which again put a pin in that I got to
justify the book a call part of this
process and then we'll get to that last
section which is the rep pitch. So moral
of the story once you get to the point
again where you're in your pitch you're
ready to officially make the call to
action for people to buy but you're
going to do a book a call instead of a
direct to checkout because your price is
higher than the threshold where it makes
sense to do a direct to checkout.
There's a few ways you can do this.
Okay, I would encourage you follow what
I'm going to talk about here. Number
one, you do a pitch with the call, but a
deposit to book the call. Okay? So, we
have clients, they'll sell something for
like 9,000 to 20,000 plus dollars, and
they'll tell people things like, "Look,
guys, you're going to you're going to
have the opportunity now to book a call
with their team where we're going to go
through any questions that you have. We
want to give the opportunities though to
the people here with us right now that
are the most serious about doing this."
Okay? We are going to now give you the
opportunity to book a call. However, we
are going to allow the serious people to
book calls first. Okay? So, if you're
serious, here's what we're going to do.
You know this is for you. You know you
want to buy it. There's a very high
probability you're going to buy it at
the very least. So, you lock in this
opportunity. Go ahead and book your call
time, but you'll notice we're going to
request X amount of dollars out of the
total amount of dollars that the offer
costs. Okay? If for some reason you get
on that call and you determine it's not
for you, whatever, we'll refund the
deposit to you. It's a deposit after
all. We'll also give you the
opportunity, by the way, in the
instance, this is like a total side
note, you don't have to openly pitch
this, but you can if you want, just to
make sense of the deposit more. Depends
on how you want to do it. Again, it's a
preference based on the buying
demographic that you have there. By the
way, we're going to give you the
opportunity where look, if if it if the
main offer doesn't make sense for you
with that deposit money that you put, we
have this dropell offer, which we'll
tell you about on the call. I'm not
going to sit here and talk about it now.
But look, few options. We'll just refund
your money. You walk away. It's a
deposit after all. or we can just credit
your money towards this other offer
instead, which again we'll talk to you
about on the call if you're having
trouble making sense of the 9K. So, if
you want a priority slot on the
calendar, you want to be able to talk to
us ASAP, like I'm talking like later
today, tomorrow, the next day, like you
want a priority slot on the calendar, go
book your call time, pay your deposit,
that deposit gets credited towards the
total amount that you're obviously going
to buy for. We'll make sense of the
money on the call, whether you're doing
a paying full, a funding option, like
we've got all those things. We'll talk
about it on the call. Just go book your
call now. Go ahead and take action.
Here's the link. Bam. And same exact
logic. You do the objection handling.
You do the risk reversals. And you get
to the point where you're like, repitch,
go book your call. Here's the deposit
link again. Then you start to say, and
by the way, for those of you who are
having a little trouble either, hey,
maybe you need to make sense of the
money, payment plans, financing options,
go book your call with the deposit,
right? Do that final go book your call
with the deposit. And then you want to
close it out by saying, "Okay, so for
those of you who know you still want to
book a call, but you still have too much
fear and uncertainty to make you put
that deposit down. I'm going to allow
you the opportunity to book a call, but
I just want to be fair, right? I I
openly disclosed all the people who book
with a deposit, they get the opportunity
to book first. Those are our priority
calendar slots. Those of you who are not
ready to put a deposit down yet, but
again, you know, this is right for you,
but you have some questions that hold
you back enough to not even have the
willingness to put a deposit down,
right? So therefore, you kind of want to
push this out a little further, which I
wouldn't encourage. You know, I would
absolutely encourage use that link to
book a deposit and get your call with
the priority. Show yourself you're
committed to this, right? Again, it's
refundable either way. There's no risk
in doing that. We will give you your
money back. Look, guys, if you don't
even trust us enough to give you your
money back after you make a deposit if
it truly doesn't make sense, that way
you can get a priority calendar slot.
Why are you even still sitting here?
Right? If you don't trust me that that
much, don't even sit here, you know,
just leave now, right? We want to we
want to show you that you are the person
that holds you back or moves you
forward. And this is great opportunity
to show yourself that you're serious
about getting these outcomes and results
you're after. But again, if you're not
right and you and you're still on the
fence and you and you you truly just
again don't want to throw the deposit to
book the call at a priority rate, we can
book you in 5 days from now through like
maybe 10 to 15 days from now. Okay? no
cost to be able to book those calls.
Here's that link. And then again, all
kinds of objections for a more skeptical
demographic with risk reversals geared
more towards the skeptical demographic.
And then repitch both links. Again, for
those of you who know you want a
priority slot, deposit booking link. For
those of you not as serious, you know,
you just you just scared, you know, you
don't necessarily want to use the
deposit link. Boom. Go book your call
anyway. Talk to us. Book your call
either way. Right? Those are the two
ways that you're going to do your pitch.
Now, at this point, it's very important
to note you can do there's two things
when I say repitch, right? There's the
Myron Golden Pitch, which I've talked
about in other videos here on the
channel when we talk about the outline
of the three days. You're going to start
your third day of content with a literal
repitch, like a Myron Golden rep pitch.
When I say repitch in this context right
now, I'm not talking in the context of
like the Myin Golden Repitch. I'm
literally just talking in the context of
like, look, as soon as you get through
all that [__] you're going to go back
and go repitch the whole thing. Okay?
I've talked about this on this channel a
lot. It's like as an example with this
iPad here. Okay, you see what you see,
okay? And I know what you see right now
because I know what an iPad is. So, I'm
going to describe it for you, right? You
see some little like metal things over
here that like maybe you don't know what
the [__] that is. You see some writing.
You see an Apple logo in the middle. You
see some cameras and a flashlight. Like
you see whatever colors you see. Well,
on my end, I see something totally
different, right? Like I see a screen
and I see writing and and it's totally I
see a black border, you know, and what
looks to be maybe a camera. like my
angle compared to your angle are totally
different when we look at this thing.
Okay? And so when you very first pitch
something, it's very important to note
like you're initially pitching this
perspective of the thing that you're
pitching. Okay? And when you do the rep
pitch, your repitch, you're trying to
pitch them a totally different angle on
the same thing. So when you go back and
you do your repitch, by the way, mastery
level [__] I'm sitting here putting you
on game two right now. Okay? Mastery
level [__] Like for you to [__] this up
somehow, you'd have to be pretty close
to the IQ of a rock. Okay, these
challenge funnels in these 3-day virtual
events absolutely rip when it comes to
revenue potential. And I can't stress
enough. I have examples I can show you
this. I have massive SOPs I can sit here
and send to you that go indepth on all
of this. And I have so much more
information than what I'm even sitting
here talking about right now that I can
put you on game to. Check out the links
in the description. Like especially on
something like this. A challenge funnel
is insane. 3-day virtual events are
insane for the revenue potential they
have. There's never been an easier way
to justify being able to afford easily
and immediately flip the spectrum. Like,
we get it, guys. As soon as you pay us,
we're [__] you, okay? We have to get
you your money back and we have to make
you far more than what you're ideally
paying us for you to truly be satisfied.
We understand, right? We're [__] you
initially. This, as an example of a
funnel type, is one of the easiest
possible scenarios for you to
immediately flip that spectrum back. And
we do so, by the way, with things that
don't even require this level of
commitment to be able to make your money
back. We had a guy join in the other
day. His name's Gian. Shout out to Gian
if he's watching this. He joinsed into
the inner circle. His cost per call was
in the 300s when he joined in. I taught
him a bunch of stuff as it related to
Meta Andromeda and all the best
practices of campaign structure for his
callunnel messaging best practices. Bro,
this [__] lower, he's an inner circle
member. This [__] lowered his cost per
call down into the low 200s. Okay, the
math played out to where what he paid
for his first month of being a part of
the group, he needed like low30s. I
think it was like 32 or 37 calls to be
able to and again, he's going to get
those calls cuz he's spending thousands
of dollars a day on call funnels. He
needed 30 something calls to happen to
be able to make back the money within
the first 10 days of being a part of the
group. Okay, that's how fast we're able
to flip that spectrum back into your
favor. And again, I can't stress enough
if there's ever been a funnel type, if
you're even remotely close to
considering committing to a challenge
funnel, a 3-day virtual event, whichever
one you chalk it up as there. Again, I
just can't stress enough. Go press those
links down in the description. Buy some
[__] from me. Get what you need to
actually make this work at the highest
possible level because it this is the
type of funnel that's a lump sum funnel.
It's meant to work at the highest
possible level. Okay? Don't just swing
and miss on this. Make sure that you
actually crack. Okay? So, anyway, long
story short, back to my point. When you
do the rep pitch, okay, you're
repitching people just from a different
perspective on the exact same thing, and
you follow literally the exact same
process I just laid out, but you try to
plug things that are just from a
slightly different view comparatively to
what you previously talked about. Okay,
so anyway, hope you enjoyed this video.
Go check out all the other ones in this
specific series on mastering challenge
funnels, virtual events, whatever you
want to call it, and make some [__]
money, huh? Go get richer. Talk soon.